feat: keyring controller error (#7498)
MetaMask/core: packages/keyring-controller/CHANGELOG.md

- Added new `KeyringBuilder` type ([#7334](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/7334))
- Added an action to call `removeAccount` ([#7241](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/7241))
  - This action is meant to be consumed by the `MultichainAccountService` to encapsulate the act of removing a wallet when seed phrase backup fails in the clients.

> - Added new `KeyringControllerError` to better propagate errors from the keyring instances. ([#7498](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/7498))

Reviewer: Added slightly more details, WDYT?

```suggestion
- Added new `KeyringControllerError` ([#7498](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/7498))
  - All controller's errors are now using this error type.
  - Keyring instance operation errors are also now also wrapped with this error type.
```
